issues, including pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and other events beyond the Company’s control. Global climate
change is resulting in certain types of natural disasters occurring more frequently or with more intense effects. Such events can
make it difficult or impossible for the Company to manufacture and deliver products to its customers, create delays and
inefficiencies in the Company’s supply and manufacturing chain, and result in slowdowns and outages to the Company’s service
offerings. Following an interruption to its business, the Company can require substantial recovery time, experience significant
expenditures to resume operations, and lose significant sales. Because the Company relies on single or limited sources for the
supply and manufacture of many critical components, a business interruption affecting such sources would exacerbate any
negative consequences to the Company.
The Company’s operations are also subject to the risks of industrial accidents at its suppliers and contract manufacturers. While
the Company’s suppliers are required to maintain safe working environments and operations, an industrial accident could occur
and could result in disruption to the Company’s business and harm to the Company’s reputation. Major public health issues,
including pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic, have adversely affected, and could in the future adversely affect, the
Company due to their impact on the global economy and demand for consumer products; the imposition of protective public
safety measures, such as stringent employee travel restrictions and limitations on freight services and the movement of products
between regions; and disruptions in the Company’s supply chain and sales and distribution channels, resulting in interruptions of
the supply of current products and delays in production ramps of new products.
While the Company maintains insurance coverage for certain types of losses, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to
cover all losses that may arise.
Apple Inc. | 2021 Form 10-K | 7Global markets for the Company’s products and services are highly competitive and subject to rapid technological
change, and the Company may be unable to compete effectively in these markets.
The Company’s products and services are offered in highly competitive global markets characterized by aggressive price
competition and resulting downward pressure on gross margins, frequent introduction of new products and services, short
product life cycles, evolving industry standards, continual improvement in product price and performance characteristics, rapid
adoption of technological advancements by competitors, and price sensitivity on the part of consumers and businesses.
The Company’s ability to compete successfully depends heavily on ensuring the continuing and timely introduction of innovative
new products, services and technologies to the marketplace. The Company designs and develops nearly the entire solution for
its products, including the hardware, operating system, numerous software applications and related services. As a result, the
Company must make significant investments in R&D. There can be no assurance these investments will achieve expected
returns, and the Company may not be able to develop and market new products and services successfully.
The Company currently holds a significant number of patents, trademarks and copyrights and has registered, and applied to register, additional patents, trademarks and copyrights. In contrast, many of the Company’s competitors seek to compete
primarily through aggressive pricing and very low cost structures, and by imitating the Company’s products and infringing on
