instrument. A 100 basis point increase in market interest rates would cause interest expense on the Company’s debt as of
September 25, 2021 and September 26, 2020 to increase by $186 million and $218 million on an annualized basis, respectively.
Foreign Currency Risk
In general, the Company is a net receiver of currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Accordingly, changes in exchange rates, and
in particular a strengthening of the U.S. dollar, will negatively affect the Company’s net sales and gross margins as expressed in
U.S. dollars. There is a risk that the Company will have to adjust local currency pricing due to competitive pressures when there
has been significant volatility in foreign currency exchange rates.
The Company may enter into foreign currency forward and option contracts with financial institutions to protect against foreign
exchange risks associated with certain existing assets and liabilities, certain firmly committed transactions, forecasted future
cash flows and net investments in foreign subsidiaries. In addition, the Company has entered, and in the future may enter, into
foreign currency contracts to partially offset the foreign currency exchange gains and losses on its foreign currency–denominated
debt issuances. The Company generally hedges portions of its forecasted foreign currency exposure associated with revenue
and inventory purchases, typically for up to 12 months. However, the Company may choose not to hedge certain foreign
exchange exposures for a variety of reasons including, but not limited to, accounting considerations or the prohibitive economic
cost of hedging particular exposures.
Apple Inc. | 2021 Form 10-K | 26To provide an assessment of the foreign currency risk associated with certain of the Company’s foreign currency derivative
positions, the Company performed a sensitivity analysis using a value-at-risk (“VAR”) model to assess the potential impact of
fluctuations in exchange rates. The VAR model consisted of using a Monte Carlo simulation to generate thousands of random
market price paths assuming normal market conditions. The VAR is the maximum expected loss in fair value, for a given
confidence interval, to the Company’s foreign currency derivative positions due to adverse movements in rates. The VAR model
is not intended to represent actual losses but is used as a risk estimation and management tool. Forecasted transactions, firm
commitments and assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies were excluded from the model. Based on the results of
the model, the Company estimates with 95% confidence, a maximum one-day loss in fair value of $550 million as of
September 25, 2021, compared to a maximum one-day loss in fair value of $551 million as of September 26, 2020. Because the
Company uses foreign currency instruments for hedging purposes, the losses in fair value incurred on those instruments are
generally offset by increases in the fair value of the underlying exposures.
Actual future gains and losses associated with the Company’s investment portfolio, debt and derivative positions may differ
materially from the sensitivity analyses performed as of September 25, 2021 due to the inherent limitations associated with
predicting the timing and amount of changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and the Company’s actual
exposures and positions.
Apple Inc. | 2021 Form 10-K | 27Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Page
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 25, 2021, September 26, 2020 and
September 28, 2019 29
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended September 25, 2021, September 26,
