The Company believes that compensation should not only be competitive; it should be equitable and should enable employees
to share in the Company’s success as shareholders of the Company. The Company recognizes its people are most likely to
thrive when they have the resources to meet their needs and the time and support to succeed in their professional and personal
lives. In support of this, the Company offers a wide variety of benefits to employees around the world.
Growth and Development
The Company invests in tools and resources that support employees’ individual growth and development. The Company also
provides classes and seminars to foster understanding and critical thinking about the Company’s culture, organization and
values.
Inclusion and Diversity
The Company is committed to hiring inclusively, providing training and development opportunities, fostering an inclusive culture,
and ensuring equitable pay for employees, and is continuing to focus on increasing diverse representation at every level of the
Company.
The Company has initiatives in place to implement its commitment to increase diverse representation, including creating diverse
interview panels and candidate slates, focusing on robust diversity recruiting efforts, and expanding diversity outreach efforts
through organizations that serve and engage talent from underrepresented communities. The Company also offers team
members access to ongoing inclusion and diversity education, and support throughout their career journey and helps them find
community and connection through employee groups that create spaces for belonging, learning, and growing inclusivity, diversity
and equity efforts.
Engagement
The Company believes that open and honest communication among team members, managers and leadership fosters an open,
collaborative work environment where everyone can participate, develop and thrive. Team members are encouraged to come to
their managers with questions, feedback or concerns, and the Company regularly conducts surveys that gauge employee
sentiment in areas like career development, manager performance and inclusivity.
Health and Safety
The Company is committed to protecting its employees everywhere it operates. The Company identifies potential risks
associated with workplace activities in order to develop measures to mitigate possible hazards. The Company supports
employees with general safety training and puts specific programs in place for those working in potentially high-hazard
environments, including chemical management, laser safety, equipment and machinery safety, hazardous materials
management and electrical safety. The Company has taken additional measures during the COVID-19 pandemic, including
providing information resources, testing, face masks and personal protective equipment, and case support. The Company also
offers special sick leave for employees with possible COVID-19 symptoms, as well as comprehensive health coverage.
Apple Inc. | 2021 Form 10-K | 4Available Information
The Company’s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and
amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
“Exchange Act”), are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Such reports and other information filed by the Company with the SEC are available free of charge at investor.apple.com/investor-relations/sec-filings/default.aspx
when such reports are available on the SEC’s website. The Company periodically provides other information for investors on its
corporate website, www.apple.com, and its investor relations website, investor.apple.com. This includes press releases and
