this Form 10-K regarding the potential future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company’s business and results of
operations are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can also be identified by words such as “future,”
“anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “predicts,” “will,” “would,” “could,” “can,” “may,” and
similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the Company’s actual results may
differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such differences
include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K under the heading “Risk Factors.” The
Company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by law.
Unless otherwise stated, all information presented herein is based on the Company’s fiscal calendar, and references to
particular years, quarters, months or periods refer to the Company’s fiscal years ended in September and the associated
quarters, months and periods of those fiscal years. Each of the terms the “Company” and “Apple” as used herein refers
collectively to Apple Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries, unless otherwise stated.
PART I
Item 1. Business
Company Background
The Company designs, manufactures and markets smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables and accessories, and
sells a variety of related services. The Company’s fiscal year is the 52- or 53-week period that ends on the last Saturday of
September.
Products
iPhone
iPhone® is the Company’s line of smartphones based on its iOS operating system. In October and November 2020, the
Company released iPhone 12, iPhone 12 mini, iPhone 12 Pro and iPhone 12 Pro Max, all with 5G technology. In September
2021, the Company released iPhone 13, iPhone 13 mini, iPhone 13 Pro and iPhone 13 Pro Max.
Mac
Mac® is the Company’s line of personal computers based on its macOS® operating system. In November 2020, the Company
released new versions of MacBook Air®, 13-inch MacBook Pro® and Mac mini®, and in May 2021, the Company released a
redesigned iMac®, all powered by the Apple M1 chip. In October 2021, the Company released a redesigned MacBook Pro,
available in 14- and 16-inch models and powered by the Apple M1 Pro or M1 Max chip.
iPad
iPad® is the Company’s line of multipurpose tablets based on its iPadOS® operating system. In October 2020, the Company
released a new iPad Air®, and in April 2021, the Company released a new iPad Pro® powered by the Apple M1 chip. In
September 2021, the Company released an updated iPad and a new iPad mini®.
Wearables, Home and Accessories
Wearables, Home and Accessories includes AirPods®, Apple TV®, Apple Watch®, Beats® products, HomePod®, iPod touch® and
accessories. AirPods are the Company’s wireless headphones that interact with Siri®. In December 2020, the Company released
AirPods Max™, new over-ear wireless headphones, and in October 2021, the Company released the third generation of AirPods.
Apple Watch is the Company’s line of smart watches based on its watchOS® operating system. In September 2021, the
Company announced Apple Watch Series 7, which was available starting in October 2021.
Apple Inc. | 2021 Form 10-K | 1Services
Advertising
The Company’s advertising services include various third-party licensing arrangements and the Company’s own advertising platforms.
AppleCare
The Company offers a portfolio of fee-based service and support products under the AppleCare® brand. The offerings provide
priority access to Apple technical support, access to the global Apple authorized service network for repair and replacement
