Apple Inc. | 2021 Form 10-K | 35The Company presents derivative assets and liabilities at their gross fair values in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The
Company classifies cash flows related to derivative instruments as operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash
Flows.
Fair Value Measurements
The fair values of the Company’s money market funds and certain marketable equity securities are based on quoted prices in
active markets for identical assets. The valuation techniques used to measure the fair value of the Company’s debt instruments
and all other financial instruments, which generally have counterparties with high credit ratings, are based on quoted market
prices or model-driven valuations using significant inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data.
Note 2 – Revenue Recognition
Net sales consist of revenue from the sale of iPhone, Mac, iPad, Services and other products. The Company recognizes revenue
at the amount to which it expects to be entitled when control of the products or services is transferred to its customers. Control is
generally transferred when the Company has a present right to payment and title and the significant risks and rewards of
ownership of products or services are transferred to its customers. For most of the Company’s Products net sales, control
transfers when products are shipped. For the Company’s Services net sales, control transfers over time as services are
delivered. Payment for Products and Services net sales is collected within a short period following transfer of control or
commencement of delivery of services, as applicable.
The Company records reductions to Products net sales related to future product returns, price protection and other customer
incentive programs based on the Company’s expectations and historical experience.
For arrangements with multiple performance obligations, which represent promises within an arrangement that are distinct, the
Company allocates revenue to all distinct performance obligations based on their relative stand-alone selling prices (“SSPs”).
When available, the Company uses observable prices to determine SSPs. When observable prices are not available, SSPs are
established that reflect the Company’s best estimates of what the selling prices of the performance obligations would be if they
were sold regularly on a stand-alone basis. The Company’s process for estimating SSPs without observable prices considers
multiple factors that may vary depending upon the unique facts and circumstances related to each performance obligation
including, where applicable, prices charged by the Company for similar offerings, market trends in the pricing for similar offerings,
product-specific business objectives and the estimated cost to provide the performance obligation.
The Company has identified up to three performance obligations regularly included in arrangements involving the sale of iPhone,
Mac, iPad and certain other products. The first performance obligation, which represents the substantial portion of the allocated
sales price, is the hardware and bundled software delivered at the time of sale. The second performance obligation is the right to
receive certain product-related bundled services, which include iCloud®, Siri and Maps. The third performance obligation is the right to receive, on a when-and-if-available basis, future unspecified software upgrades relating to the software bundled with
each device. The Company allocates revenue and any related discounts to these performance obligations based on their relative
SSPs. Because the Company lacks observable prices for the undelivered performance obligations, the allocation of revenue is
