filed by the Company with the SEC are available free of charge at investor.apple.com/investor-relations/sec-filings/default.aspx
when such reports are available on the SEC’s website. The Company periodically provides other information for investors on its
corporate website, www.apple.com, and its investor relations website, investor.apple.com. This includes press releases and
other information about financial performance, information on environmental, social and corporate governance and details
related to the Company’s annual meeting of shareholders. The information contained on the websites referenced in this Form 10-
K is not incorporated by reference into this filing. Further, the Company’s references to website URLs are intended to be inactive
textual references only.
Apple Inc. | 2021 Form 10-K | 5Item 1A. Risk Factors
The Company’s business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition, as well as the price of the Company’s stock,
can be affected by a number of factors, whether currently known or unknown, including those described below. When any one or
more of these risks materialize from time to time, the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations and financial
condition, as well as the price of the Company’s stock, can be materially and adversely affected.
Because of the following factors, as well as other factors affecting the Company’s results of operations and financial condition,
past financial performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance, and investors should not
use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods. This discussion of risk factors contains forward-looking
statements.
This section should be read in conjunction with Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations” and the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in Part II, Item 8, “Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K.
Risks Related to COVID-19
The Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition, as well as the price of the Company’s stock, have
been adversely affected and could in the future be materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.
COVID-19 has had, and continues to have, a significant impact around the world, prompting governments and businesses to
take unprecedented measures in response. Such measures have included restrictions on travel and business operations,
temporary closures of businesses, and quarantine and shelter-in-place orders. The COVID-19 pandemic has at times
significantly curtailed global economic activity and caused significant volatility and disruption in global financial markets.
The COVID-19 pandemic and the measures taken by many countries in response have adversely affected and could in the
future materially adversely impact the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition, as well as the price of
the Company’s stock. During the course of the pandemic, certain of the Company’s component suppliers and manufacturing and
logistical service providers have experienced disruptions, resulting in supply shortages that affected sales worldwide, and similar
disruptions could occur in the future. The Company’s retail stores, as well as channel partner points of sale, have been
temporarily closed at various times. In many cases, as stores and points of sale have reopened, they are subject to operating restrictions to protect public health and the health and safety of employees and customers. The Company has at times required
substantially all of its employees to work remotely.
