intellectual property and acquisition of third-party businesses and technology.
Intellectual Property
The Company currently holds a broad collection of intellectual property rights relating to certain aspects of its hardware devices,
accessories, software and services. This includes patents, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade dress and other forms of
intellectual property rights in the U.S. and various foreign countries. Although the Company believes the ownership of such
intellectual property rights is an important factor in its business and that its success does depend in part on such ownership, the
Company relies primarily on the innovative skills, technical competence and marketing abilities of its personnel.
The Company regularly files patent applications to protect innovations arising from its research, development and design, and is
currently pursuing thousands of patent applications around the world. Over time, the Company has accumulated a large portfolio
of issued patents, including utility patents, design patents and others. The Company also holds copyrights relating to certain
aspects of its products and services. No single intellectual property right is solely responsible for protecting the Company’s
products. The Company believes the duration of its intellectual property rights is adequate relative to the expected lives of its
products.
In addition to Company-owned intellectual property, many of the Company’s products and services are designed to include
intellectual property owned by third parties. It may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various
aspects of the Company’s products, processes and services. While the Company has generally been able to obtain such
licenses on commercially reasonable terms in the past, there is no guarantee that such licenses could be obtained in the future
on reasonable terms or at all.
Apple Inc. | 2021 Form 10-K | 3Business Seasonality and Product Introductions
The Company has historically experienced higher net sales in its first quarter compared to other quarters in its fiscal year due in
part to seasonal holiday demand. Additionally, new product and service introductions can significantly impact net sales, cost of
sales and operating expenses. The timing of product introductions can also impact the Company’s net sales to its indirect
distribution channels as these channels are filled with new inventory following a product launch, and channel inventory of an
older product often declines as the launch of a newer product approaches. Net sales can also be affected when consumers and
distributors anticipate a product introduction.
Human Capital
The Company believes it has a talented, motivated, and dedicated team, and is committed to supporting the development of all
of its team members and to continuously building on its strong culture. As of September  25, 2021, the Company had
approximately 154,000 full-time equivalent employees.
Workplace Practices and Policies
The Company is committed to providing a workplace free of harassment or discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, caste or other legally protected characteristic. The
Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to inclusion and diversity.
Compensation and Benefits The Company believes that compensation should not only be competitive; it should be equitable and should enable employees
to share in the Company’s success as shareholders of the Company. The Company recognizes its people are most likely to
