Total (3) $ 189,431 $ 2,784 $ (385) $ 191,830 $ 38,016 $ 52,927 $ 100,887
(1) Level 1 fair value estimates are based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
(2) Level 2 fair value estimates are based on observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets
and liabilities, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets, or other inputs that are observable
or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.
(3) As of September 25, 2021 and September 26, 2020, total marketable securities included $17.9 billion and $18.6 billion,
respectively, that was restricted from general use, related to the State Aid Decision (refer to Note 5, “Income Taxes”) and
other agreements.
Apple Inc. | 2021 Form 10-K | 38The Company may sell certain of its marketable debt securities prior to their stated maturities for reasons including, but not
limited to, managing liquidity, credit risk, duration and asset allocation. The following table shows the fair value of the Company’s
non-current marketable debt securities, by contractual maturity, as of September 25, 2021 (in millions):
Due after 1 year through 5 years $ 83,755
Due after 5 years through 10 years 23,915
Due after 10 years 20,207
Total fair value $ 127,877
The Company typically invests in highly rated securities, with the primary objective of minimizing the potential risk of principal
loss. The Company’s investment policy generally requires securities to be investment grade and limits the amount of credit
exposure to any one issuer. Fair values were determined for each individual security in the investment portfolio.
Derivative Instruments and Hedging
The Company may use derivative instruments to partially offset its business exposure to foreign exchange and interest rate risk.
However, the Company may choose not to hedge certain exposures for a variety of reasons including, but not limited to,
accounting considerations or the prohibitive economic cost of hedging particular exposures. There can be no assurance the
hedges will offset more than a portion of the financial impact resulting from movements in foreign exchange or interest rates.
Foreign Exchange Risk
To protect gross margins from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, the Company may enter into forward contracts,
option contracts or other instruments, and may designate these instruments as cash flow hedges. The Company generally
hedges portions of its forecasted foreign currency exposure associated with revenue and inventory purchases, typically for up to
12 months.
To protect the Company’s foreign currency–denominated term debt or marketable securities from fluctuations in foreign currency
exchange rates, the Company may enter into forward contracts, cross-currency swaps or other instruments. The Company
designates these instruments as either cash flow or fair value hedges. As of September 25, 2021, the Company’s hedged term
debt– and marketable securities–related foreign currency transactions are expected to be recognized within 21 years.
The Company may also enter into derivative instruments that are not designated as accounting hedges to protect gross margins
from certain fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, as well as to offset a portion of the foreign currency exchange gains and losses generated by the remeasurement of certain assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies.
Interest Rate Risk
To protect the Company’s term debt or marketable securities from fluctuations in interest rates, the Company may enter into
interest rate swaps, options or other instruments. The Company designates these instruments as either cash flow or fair value
hedges.
