assets and liabilities, the introduction of new taxes, or changes in tax laws or their interpretation, including in the U.S. and
Ireland.
The Company is also subject to the examination of its tax returns and other tax matters by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service
and other tax authorities and governmental bodies. The Company regularly assesses the likelihood of an adverse outcome
resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of its provision for taxes. There can be no assurance as to the
outcome of these examinations. If the Company’s effective tax rates were to increase, particularly in the U.S. or Ireland, or if the
ultimate determination of the Company’s taxes owed is for an amount in excess of amounts previously accrued, the Company’s
business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
Apple Inc. | 2021 Form 10-K | 16General Risks
The price of the Company’s stock is subject to volatility.
The Company’s stock has experienced substantial price volatility in the past and may continue to do so in the future. Additionally,
the Company, the technology industry and the stock market as a whole have, from time to time, experienced extreme stock price
and volume fluctuations that have affected stock prices in ways that may have been unrelated to these companies’ operating
performance. Price volatility may cause the average price at which the Company repurchases its stock in a given period to
exceed the stock’s price at a given point in time. The Company believes the price of its stock should reflect expectations of future
growth and profitability. The Company also believes the price of its stock should reflect expectations that its cash dividend will
continue at current levels or grow, and that its current share repurchase program will be fully consummated. Future dividends are
subject to declaration by the Company’s Board of Directors, and the Company’s share repurchase program does not obligate it
to acquire any specific number of shares. If the Company fails to meet expectations related to future growth, profitability,
dividends, share repurchases or other market expectations, the price of the Company’s stock may decline significantly, which
could have a material adverse impact on investor confidence and employee retention.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
Item 2. Properties
The Company’s headquarters are located in Cupertino, California. As of September 25, 2021, the Company owned or leased
facilities and land for corporate functions, R&D, data centers, retail and other purposes at locations throughout the U.S. and in
various places outside the U.S. The Company believes its existing facilities and equipment, which are used by all reportable
segments, are in good operating condition and are suitable for the conduct of its business.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
The Company is subject to legal proceedings and claims that have not been fully resolved and that have arisen in the ordinary
course of business. The Company’s material legal proceedings are described below and in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K in the
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Note 10, “Commitments and Contingencies” under the heading “Contingencies.”
The outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain. If one or more legal matters were resolved against the Company in a reporting
period for amounts above management’s expectations, the Company’s financial condition and operating results for that reporting period could be materially adversely affected. The Company settled certain matters during the fourth quarter of 2021 that did not
individually or in the aggregate have a material impact on the Company’s financial condition or operating results.
Epic Games
Epic Games, Inc. (“Epic”) filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (the “Northern California
