platforms.
AppleCare
The Company offers a portfolio of fee-based service and support products under the AppleCare® brand. The offerings provide
priority access to Apple technical support, access to the global Apple authorized service network for repair and replacement
services, and in many cases additional coverage for instances of accidental damage and/or theft and loss, depending on the
country and type of product.
Cloud Services
The Company’s cloud services store and keep customers’ content up-to-date and available across multiple Apple devices and
Windows personal computers.
Digital Content
The Company operates various platforms, including the App Store®, that allow customers to discover and download applications
and digital content, such as books, music, video, games and podcasts.
The Company also offers digital content through subscription-based services, including Apple Arcade®, a game subscription
service; Apple Music®, which offers users a curated listening experience with on-demand radio stations; Apple News+®, a
subscription news and magazine service; and Apple TV+SM, which offers exclusive original content. During 2021, the Company
released Apple Fitness+SM, a personalized fitness service.
Payment Services
The Company offers payment services, including Apple Card®, a co-branded credit card, and Apple Pay®, a cashless payment
service.
Markets and Distribution
The Company’s customers are primarily in the consumer, small and mid-sized business, education, enterprise and government
markets. The Company sells its products and resells third-party products in most of its major markets directly to consumers,
small and mid-sized businesses, and education, enterprise and government customers through its retail and online stores and its
direct sales force. The Company also employs a variety of indirect distribution channels, such as third-party cellular network
carriers, wholesalers, retailers and resellers. During 2021, the Company’s net sales through its direct and indirect distribution
channels accounted for 36% and 64%, respectively, of total net sales.
Competition
The markets for the Company’s products and services are highly competitive, and are characterized by aggressive price
competition and resulting downward pressure on gross margins, frequent introduction of new products and services, short
product life cycles, evolving industry standards, continual improvement in product price and performance characteristics, rapid
adoption of technological advancements by competitors, and price sensitivity on the part of consumers and businesses. Many of
the Company’s competitors seek to compete primarily through aggressive pricing and very low cost structures, and by imitating
the Company’s products and infringing on its intellectual property.
The Company’s ability to compete successfully depends heavily on ensuring the continuing and timely introduction of innovative
new products, services and technologies to the marketplace. The Company designs and develops nearly the entire solution for
its products, including the hardware, operating system, numerous software applications and related services. Principal
competitive factors important to the Company include price, product and service features (including security features), relative
price and performance, product and service quality and reliability, design innovation, a strong third-party software and accessories ecosystem, marketing and distribution capability, service and support, and corporate reputation.
Apple Inc. | 2021 Form 10-K | 2The Company is focused on expanding its market opportunities related to smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables
and accessories, and services. The Company faces substantial competition in these markets from companies that have
