restrictions to protect public health and the health and safety of employees and customers. The Company has at times required
substantially all of its employees to work remotely.
The Company continues to monitor the situation and take appropriate actions in accordance with the recommendations and
requirements of relevant authorities. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may impact the Company’s operational and
financial performance remains uncertain and will depend on many factors outside the Company’s control, including the timing,
extent, trajectory and duration of the pandemic, the emergence of new variants, the development, availability, distribution and
effectiveness of vaccines and treatments, the imposition of protective public safety measures, and the impact of the pandemic on
the global economy and demand for consumer products. Additional future impacts on the Company may include, but are not
limited to, material adverse effects on demand for the Company’s products and services, the Company’s supply chain and sales
and distribution channels, the Company’s ability to execute its strategic plans, and the Company’s profitability and cost structure.
To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and
stock price, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K.
Macroeconomic and Industry Risks
The Company’s operations and performance depend significantly on global and regional economic conditions and
adverse economic conditions can materially adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations and financial
condition.
The Company has international operations with sales outside the U.S. representing a majority of the Company’s total net sales.
In addition, the Company’s global supply chain is large and complex and a majority of the Company’s supplier facilities, including
manufacturing and assembly sites, are located outside the U.S. As a result, the Company’s operations and performance depend
significantly on global and regional economic conditions.
Adverse macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, slower growth or recession, new or increased tariffs and other barriers to
trade, changes to fiscal and monetary policy, tighter credit, higher interest rates, high unemployment and currency fluctuations
can materially adversely affect demand for the Company’s products and services. In addition, consumer confidence and
spending can be adversely affected in response to financial market volatility, negative financial news, conditions in the real estate
and mortgage markets, declines in income or asset values, changes to fuel and other energy costs, labor and healthcare costs
and other economic factors.
Apple Inc. | 2021 Form 10-K | 6In addition to an adverse impact on demand for the Company’s products, uncertainty about, or a decline in, global or regional
economic conditions can have a significant impact on the Company’s suppliers, contract manufacturers, logistics providers,
distributors, cellular network carriers and other channel partners. Potential effects include financial instability; inability to obtain
credit to finance operations and purchases of the Company’s products; and insolvency.
A downturn in the economic environment can also lead to increased credit and collectibility risk on the Company’s trade receivables; the failure of derivative counterparties and other financial institutions; limitations on the Company’s ability to issue
new debt; reduced liquidity; and declines in the fair value of the Company’s financial instruments. These and other economic
factors can materially adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition.
