encryption and authentication technologies. As with all companies, these security measures may not be sufficient for all
eventualities and may be vulnerable to hacking, ransomware attacks, employee error, malfeasance, system error, faulty
password management or other irregularities. For example, third parties can fraudulently induce the Company’s or its vendors’
employees or customers into disclosing user names, passwords or other sensitive information, which can, in turn, be used for
unauthorized access to the Company’s or its vendors’ systems and services. To help protect customers and the Company, the
Company deploys and makes available technologies like multifactor authentication, monitors its services and systems for
unusual activity and may freeze accounts under suspicious circumstances, which, among other things, can result in the delay or
loss of customer orders or impede customer access to the Company’s products and services.
While the Company maintains insurance coverage that is intended to address certain aspects of data security risks, such
insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise.
Apple Inc. | 2021 Form 10-K | 12Investment in new business strategies and acquisitions could disrupt the Company’s ongoing business, present risks not
originally contemplated and adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations and financial
condition.
The Company has invested, and in the future may invest, in new business strategies or acquisitions. Such endeavors may
involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, greater-than-expected
liabilities and expenses, economic, political, legal and regulatory challenges associated with operating in new businesses,
regions or countries, inadequate return on capital, potential impairment of tangible and intangible assets, and significant write-
offs. Investment and acquisition transactions are exposed to additional risks, including failing to obtain required regulatory
approvals on a timely basis or at all, or the imposition of onerous conditions that could delay or prevent the Company from
completing a transaction or otherwise limit the Company’s ability to fully realize the anticipated benefits of a transaction. These
new ventures are inherently risky and may not be successful. The failure of any significant investment could adversely affect the
Company’s business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
The Company’s retail stores have required and will continue to require a substantial investment and commitment of
resources and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties.
The Company’s retail stores have required substantial investment in equipment and leasehold improvements, information
systems, inventory and personnel. The Company also has entered into substantial lease commitments for retail space. Certain
stores have been designed and built to serve as high-profile venues to promote brand awareness. Because of their unique
design elements, locations and size, these stores require substantially more investment than the Company’s more typical retail
stores. Due to the high cost structure associated with the Company’s retail stores, a decline in sales or the closure or poor
performance of an individual store or multiple stores, including as a result of protective public safety measures in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, could result in significant lease termination costs, write-offs of equipment and leasehold improvements and
severance costs.
The Company’s retail operations are subject to many factors that pose risks and uncertainties and could adversely impact the
Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition, including macro-economic factors that could have an adverse
