Other Purchase Obligations
The Company’s other purchase obligations primarily consist of noncancelable obligations to acquire capital assets, including
product tooling and manufacturing process equipment, and noncancelable obligations related to advertising, content creation and
Internet and telecommunications services. As of September 25, 2021, the Company had other purchase obligations of $8.3
billion, with $4.8 billion payable within 12 months.
Deemed Repatriation Tax Payable
As of September 25, 2021, the balance of the deemed repatriation tax payable imposed by the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of
2017 (the “Act”) was $24.6 billion, none of which is payable within 12 months.
In addition to its cash requirements, the Company has a capital return program authorized by the Board of Directors. The
Program does not obligate the Company to acquire any specific number of shares. As of September 25, 2021, the Company’s
quarterly cash dividend was $0.22 per share. The Company intends to increase its dividend on an annual basis, subject to
declaration by the Board of Directors.
Critical Accounting Estimates
The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
(“GAAP”) and the Company’s discussion and analysis of its financial condition and operating results require the Company’s
management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported. Note 1, “Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies,” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K describes the
significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions it believes to be reasonable under
the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities.
Uncertain Tax Positions
The Company is subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. The evaluation of the Company’s
uncertain tax positions involves significant judgment in the interpretation and application of GAAP and complex domestic and
international tax laws, including the Act and matters related to the allocation of international taxation rights between countries.
Although management believes the Company’s reserves are reasonable, no assurance can be given that the final tax outcome
of these matters will not be different from that which is reflected in the Company’s reserves. Reserves are adjusted considering
changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax examination or the refinement of an estimate. Resolution of these
uncertainties in a manner inconsistent with management’s expectations could have a material impact on the Company’s financial
condition and operating results.
Legal and Other Contingencies
The Company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, the outcomes of
which are inherently uncertain. The Company records a liability when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount
is reasonably estimable, the determination of which requires significant judgment. Resolution of legal matters in a manner
inconsistent with management’s expectations could have a material impact on the Company’s financial condition and operating results.
Apple Inc. | 2021 Form 10-K | 25Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
Interest Rate and Foreign Currency Risk Management
