have not been fully resolved. The outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain. When a loss related to a legal proceeding or claim
is probable and reasonably estimable, the Company accrues its best estimate for the ultimate resolution of the matter. If one or
more legal matters were resolved against the Company in a reporting period for amounts above management’s expectations, the
Company’s financial condition and operating results for that reporting period could be materially adversely affected. In the
opinion of management, there was not at least a reasonable possibility the Company may have incurred a material loss, or a
material loss greater than a recorded accrual, concerning loss contingencies for asserted legal and other claims, except for the
following matters:
VirnetX
VirnetX, Inc. (“VirnetX”) filed a lawsuit against the Company alleging that certain of the Company’s products infringe on patents
owned by VirnetX. On April 11, 2018, a jury returned a verdict against the Company in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern
District of Texas (the “Eastern Texas District Court”). The Company appealed the verdict to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the
Federal Circuit, which remanded the case back to the Eastern Texas District Court, where a retrial was held in October 2020.
The jury returned a verdict against the Company and awarded damages of $503 million, which the Company has appealed. The
Company has challenged the validity of the patents at issue in the retrial at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (the “PTO”),
and the PTO has declared the patents invalid, subject to further appeal by VirnetX.
iOS Performance Management Cases
On April 5, 2018, several U.S. federal actions alleging violation of consumer protection laws, fraud, computer intrusion and other
causes of action related to the Company’s performance management feature used in its iPhone operating systems, introduced to
certain iPhones in iOS updates 10.2.1 and 11.2, were consolidated through a Multidistrict Litigation process into a single action in
the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (the “Northern California District Court”). On February 28, 2020, the
parties in the Multidistrict Litigation reached a settlement to resolve the U.S. federal and California state class actions. On March
18, 2021, the Northern California District Court granted final approval of the Multidistrict Litigation settlement, which will result in
an aggregate payment of $310 million to settle all claims. The Company continues to believe that its iPhones were not defective,
that the performance management feature introduced with iOS updates 10.2.1 and 11.2 was intended to, and did, improve
customers’ user experience, and that the Company did not make any misleading statements or fail to disclose any material
information.
French Competition Authority
On March 16, 2020, the French Competition Authority (“FCA”) announced its decision that aspects of the Company’s sales and
distribution practices in France violate French competition law, and issued a fine of €1.1 billion. The Company strongly disagrees
with the FCA’s decision, and has appealed.
Optis
Optis Wireless Technology, LLC and related entities (“Optis”) filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of
Texas against the Company alleging that certain of the Company’s products infringe on patents owned by Optis. On August 11, 2020, a jury returned a verdict against the Company and awarded damages. In post-trial proceedings, the damages portion of
the verdict was set aside. A retrial on damages was held in August 2021 and the jury in that proceeding awarded damages of
