COVID-19 pandemic, could result in significant lease termination costs, write-offs of equipment and leasehold improvements and
severance costs.
The Company’s retail operations are subject to many factors that pose risks and uncertainties and could adversely impact the
Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition, including macro-economic factors that could have an adverse
effect on general retail activity. Other factors include the Company’s ability to: manage costs associated with retail store
construction and operation; manage relationships with existing retail partners; manage costs associated with fluctuations in the
value of retail inventory; and obtain and renew leases in quality retail locations at a reasonable cost.
Legal and Regulatory Compliance Risks
The Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted by unfavorable
results of legal proceedings or government investigations.
The Company is subject to various claims, legal proceedings and government investigations that have arisen in the ordinary
course of business and have not yet been fully resolved, and new matters may arise in the future. In addition, agreements
entered into by the Company sometimes include indemnification provisions which can subject the Company to costs and
damages in the event of a claim against an indemnified third party. The number of claims, legal proceedings and government
investigations involving the Company, and the alleged magnitude of such claims, proceedings and government investigations,
has generally increased over time and may continue to increase.
The Company has faced and continues to face a significant number of patent claims relating to its cellular-enabled products, and
new claims may arise in the future. For example, technology and other patent-holding companies frequently assert their patents
and seek royalties and often enter into litigation based on allegations of patent infringement or other violations of intellectual
property rights. The Company is vigorously defending infringement actions in courts in several U.S. jurisdictions, as well as
internationally in various countries. The plaintiffs in these actions frequently seek injunctions and substantial damages.
Regardless of the merit of particular claims, defending against litigation or responding to government investigations can be
expensive, time-consuming, disruptive to the Company’s operations and distracting to management. In recognition of these
considerations, the Company may enter into agreements or other arrangements to settle litigation and resolve such challenges.
There can be no assurance such agreements can be obtained on acceptable terms or that litigation will not occur. These
agreements can also significantly increase the Company’s cost of sales and operating expenses and require the Company to
change its business practices and limit the Company’s ability to offer certain products and services.
Except as described in Part I, Item 3 of this Form 10-K under the heading “Legal Proceedings” and in Part II, Item 8 of this Form
10-K in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Note 10, “Commitments and Contingencies” under the heading
“Contingencies,” in the opinion of management, there was not at least a reasonable possibility the Company may have incurred a material loss, or a material loss greater than a recorded accrual, concerning loss contingencies for asserted legal and other
claims.
