receivables; the failure of derivative counterparties and other financial institutions; limitations on the Company’s ability to issue
new debt; reduced liquidity; and declines in the fair value of the Company’s financial instruments. These and other economic
factors can materially adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition.
The Company’s business can be impacted by political events, trade and other international disputes, war, terrorism,
natural disasters, public health issues, industrial accidents and other business interruptions.
Political events, trade and other international disputes, war, terrorism, natural disasters, public health issues, industrial accidents
and other business interruptions can harm or disrupt international commerce and the global economy, and could have a material
adverse effect on the Company and its customers, suppliers, contract manufacturers, logistics providers, distributors, cellular
network carriers and other channel partners.
The Company has a large, global business, and the Company believes that it generally benefits from growth in international
trade. Trade and other international disputes can result in tariffs, sanctions, and other measures that restrict international trade
and can adversely affect the Company’s business. For example, tensions between the U.S. and China have led to a series of
tariffs being imposed by the U.S. on imports from China mainland, as well as other business restrictions. Tariffs increase the cost
of the Company’s products and the components and raw materials that go into making them. These increased costs adversely
impact the gross margin that the Company earns on its products. Tariffs can also make the Company’s products more expensive
for customers, which could make the Company’s products less competitive and reduce consumer demand. Countries may also
adopt other measures, such as controls on imports or exports of goods, technology or data, that could adversely impact the
Company’s operations and supply chain and limit the Company’s ability to offer its products and services as designed. These
measures can require the Company to take various actions, including changing suppliers, restructuring business relationships,
and ceasing to offer third-party applications on its platforms. Changing the Company’s operations in accordance with new or
changed trade restrictions can be expensive, time-consuming, disruptive to the Company’s operations and distracting to
management. Such restrictions can be announced with little or no advance notice and the Company may not be able to
effectively mitigate all adverse impacts from such measures. Political uncertainty surrounding trade and other international
disputes could also have a negative effect on consumer confidence and spending, which could adversely affect the Company’s
business.
Many of the Company’s operations and facilities, as well as critical business operations of the Company’s suppliers and contract
manufacturers, are in locations that are prone to earthquakes and other natural disasters. In addition, such operations and
facilities are subject to the risk of interruption by fire, power shortages, nuclear power plant accidents and other industrial
accidents, terrorist attacks and other hostile acts, ransomware and other cybersecurity attacks, labor disputes, public health issues, including pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and other events beyond the Company’s control. Global climate
change is resulting in certain types of natural disasters occurring more frequently or with more intense effects. Such events can
