instead mean (x) any security that is (i) a direct obligation of the German government or (ii) an obligation of a person
controlled or supervised by and acting as an agency or instrumentality of the German government the payment of
which is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the German government or the central bank of the German
government, which, in either case (x)(i) or (ii), is not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof, and (y)
13certificates, depositary receipts or other instruments which evidence a direct ownership interest in obligations
described in clause (x)(i) or (x)(ii) above or in any specific principal or interest payments due in respect thereof.
With respect to the 3.050% 2029 Notes and the 2042 Notes, the term “U.S. government obligations” shall
instead mean (x) any security that is (i) a direct obligation of the United Kingdom government or (ii) an obligation of a
person controlled or supervised by and acting as an agency or instrumentality of the United Kingdom government the
payment of which is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the United Kingdom government or the central bank of
the United Kingdom government, which, in either case (x)(i) or (ii), is not callable or redeemable at the option of the
issuer thereof, and (y) certificates, depositary receipts or other instruments which evidence a direct ownership interest
in obligations described in clause (x)(i) or (x)(ii) above or in any specific principal or interest payments due in respect
thereof.
We will be required to deliver to the trustee an opinion of counsel that the deposit and related defeasance
will not cause the holders and beneficial owners of the Notes of that series to recognize income, gain or loss for
federal income tax purposes. If we elect legal defeasance, that opinion of counsel must be based upon a ruling from
the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or a change in law to that effect.
We may exercise our legal defeasance option notwithstanding our prior exercise of our covenant
defeasance option.
Book-Entry and Settlement
The Notes were issued in book-entry form and are represented by global notes deposited with, or on behalf
of, a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, and are registered in the name of the common
depositary or its nominee. Except as described herein, certificated notes will not be issued in exchange for beneficial
interests in the global notes.
Certificated Notes
Subject to certain conditions, the Notes represented by the global notes are exchangeable for certificated
notes in definitive form of like tenor, in minimum denominations of €100,000 principal amount and integral multiples of
€1,000 in excess thereof in the case of the 2022 Notes, the 2024 Notes, the 0.000% 2025 Notes, the 0.875% 2025
Notes, the 2026 Notes, the 2027 Notes, the 1.375% 2029 Notes and the 2031 Notes, and in minimum denominations
of £100,000 principal amount and integral multiples of £1,000 in excess thereof in the case of the 3.050% 2029 Notes
and the 2042 Notes, if:
1. the common depositary notifies us that it is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary or if the
common depositary ceases to be eligible under the applicable Indenture and we do not appoint a
successor depository within 90 days;
2. we determine that the Notes will no longer be represented by global securities and execute and deliver
to the trustee an order to that effect; or 3. an event of default with respect to the Notes will have occurred and be continuing.
Any Note that is exchangeable as above is exchangeable for certificated notes issuable in authorized
