tax rate on foreign earnings, tax benefits from share-based compensation and foreign-derived intangible income deductions. The
Company’s effective tax rate for 2020 was lower than the statutory federal income tax rate due primarily to the lower tax rate on
foreign earnings, including the impact of tax settlements, and tax benefits from share-based compensation.
The Company’s effective tax rate for 2021 was lower compared to 2020 due primarily to higher tax benefits from foreign-derived
intangible income deductions and share-based compensation and the favorable impact of changes in unrecognized tax benefits,
partially offset by a one-time adjustment in 2020 of U.S. foreign tax credits in response to regulations issued by the U.S.
Department of the Treasury in December 2019.
During 2021, the Company established deferred tax assets (“DTAs”) for foreign tax credit carryforwards in Ireland and increased
DTAs for R&D tax credit carryforwards in California, which resulted in a combined $3.5 billion increase in the valuation allowance
on the Company’s DTAs, with no effect on net income. Management believes it is more likely than not that forecasted income,
together with future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, will be sufficient to realize substantially all of the
Company’s remaining DTAs.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
The Company believes its balances of cash, cash equivalents and unrestricted marketable securities, which totaled $172.6 billion
as of September 25, 2021, along with cash generated by ongoing operations and continued access to debt markets, will be
sufficient to satisfy its cash requirements and capital return program over the next 12 months and beyond.
The Company’s material cash requirements include the following contractual and other obligations.
Debt
As of September 25, 2021, the Company had outstanding floating- and fixed-rate notes with varying maturities for an aggregate
principal amount of $118.1 billion (collectively the “Notes”), with $9.6 billion payable within 12 months. Future interest payments
associated with the Notes total $39.5 billion, with $2.9 billion payable within 12 months.
The Company also issues unsecured short-term promissory notes (“Commercial Paper”) pursuant to a commercial paper
program. As of September 25, 2021, the Company had $6.0 billion of Commercial Paper outstanding, all of which was payable
within 12 months.
Apple Inc. | 2021 Form 10-K | 24Leases
The Company has lease arrangements for certain equipment and facilities, including retail, corporate, manufacturing and data
center space. As of September 25, 2021, the Company had fixed lease payment obligations of $14.6 billion, with $1.8 billion
payable within 12 months.
Manufacturing Purchase Obligations
The Company utilizes several outsourcing partners to manufacture subassemblies for the Company’s products and to perform
final assembly and testing of finished products. The Company also obtains individual components for its products from a wide
variety of individual suppliers. Outsourcing partners acquire components and build product based on demand information
supplied by the Company, which typically covers periods up to 150 days. As of September  25, 2021, the Company had
manufacturing purchase obligations of $54.8 billion, with $54.7 billion payable within 12 months. The Company’s manufacturing
purchase obligations are primarily noncancelable. Other Purchase Obligations
The Company’s other purchase obligations primarily consist of noncancelable obligations to acquire capital assets, including
product tooling and manufacturing process equipment, and noncancelable obligations related to advertising, content creation and
