Inventories
Inventories are measured using the first-in, first-out method.
Property, Plant and Equipment
Depreciation on property, plant and equipment is recognized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets,
which for buildings is the lesser of 40 years or the remaining life of the building; between one and five years for machinery and
equipment, including product tooling and manufacturing process equipment; and the shorter of lease term or useful life for
leasehold improvements. Capitalized costs related to internal-use software are amortized on a straight-line basis over the
estimated useful lives of the assets, which range from five to seven years. Depreciation and amortization expense on property
and equipment was $9.5 billion, $9.7 billion and $11.3 billion during 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
Noncash investing activities involving property, plant and equipment resulted in a net decrease to accounts payable and other
current liabilities of $2.9 billion during 2019.
Restricted Cash and Restricted Marketable Securities
The Company considers cash and marketable securities to be restricted when withdrawal or general use is legally restricted. The
Company reports restricted cash as other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and determines current or non-current
classification based on the expected duration of the restriction. The Company reports restricted marketable securities as current
or non-current marketable securities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets based on the classification of the underlying securities.
Derivative Instruments and Hedging
All derivative instruments are recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. The accounting treatment for derivative
gains and losses is based on intended use and hedge designation.
Gains and losses arising from amounts that are included in the assessment of cash flow hedge effectiveness are initially deferred
in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) (“AOCI”) and subsequently reclassified into earnings when the hedged
transaction affects earnings, and in the same line item in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For options designated as
cash flow hedges, the Company excludes time value from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and recognizes it on a
straight-line basis over the life of the hedge in the Consolidated Statements of Operations line item to which the hedge relates.
Changes in the fair value of amounts excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness are recognized in OCI.
Gains and losses arising from amounts that are included in the assessment of fair value hedge effectiveness are recognized in
the Consolidated Statements of Operations line item to which the hedge relates along with offsetting losses and gains related to
the change in value of the hedged item. For foreign exchange forward contracts designated as fair value hedges, the Company
excludes the forward carry component from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and recognizes it in OI&E on a straight-line
basis over the life of the hedge. Changes in the fair value of amounts excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness are
recognized in OCI.
Gains and losses arising from changes in the fair values of derivative instruments that are not designated as accounting hedges
are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations line items to which the derivative instruments relate. Apple Inc. | 2021 Form 10-K | 35The Company presents derivative assets and liabilities at their gross fair values in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The
