2014 Employee Stock Plan
The 2014 Employee Stock Plan (the “2014 Plan”) is a shareholder-approved plan that provides for broad-based equity grants to
employees, including executive officers, and permits the granting of restricted stock units (“RSUs”), stock grants, performance-
based awards, stock options and stock appreciation rights, as well as cash bonus awards. RSUs granted under the 2014 Plan
generally vest over four years, based on continued employment, and are settled upon vesting in shares of the Company’s
common stock on a one-for-one basis. RSUs granted under the 2014 Plan reduce the number of shares available for grant under
the plan by a factor of two times the number of RSUs granted. RSUs canceled and shares withheld to satisfy tax withholding
obligations increase the number of shares available for grant under the 2014 Plan utilizing a factor of two times the number of
RSUs canceled or shares withheld. All RSUs granted under the 2014 Plan have dividend equivalent rights (“DERs”), which
entitle holders of RSUs to the same dividend value per share as holders of common stock. DERs are subject to the same vesting
and other terms and conditions as the underlying RSUs. As of September 25, 2021, approximately 760 million shares were
reserved for future issuance under the 2014 Plan. Shares subject to outstanding awards under the 2003 Employee Stock Plan
that expire, are canceled or otherwise terminate, or are withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations for RSUs, will also be
available for awards under the 2014 Plan.
Apple Inc. Non-Employee Director Stock Plan
The Apple Inc. Non-Employee Director Stock Plan (the “Director Plan”) is a shareholder-approved plan that (i) permits the
Company to grant awards of RSUs or stock options to the Company’s non-employee directors, (ii) provides for automatic initial
grants of RSUs upon a non-employee director joining the Board of Directors and automatic annual grants of RSUs at each
annual meeting of shareholders, and (iii) permits the Board of Directors to prospectively change the value and relative mixture of
stock options and RSUs for the initial and annual award grants and the methodology for determining the number of shares of the
Company’s common stock subject to these grants, in each case within the limits set forth in the Director Plan and without further
shareholder approval. RSUs granted under the Director Plan reduce the number of shares available for grant under the plan by a
factor of two times the number of RSUs granted. The Director Plan expires on November 12, 2027. All RSUs granted under the
Director Plan are entitled to DERs, which are subject to the same vesting and other terms and conditions as the underlying
RSUs. As of September 25, 2021, approximately 4 million shares were reserved for future issuance under the Director Plan.
Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans
During the three months ended September 25, 2021, Section 16 officers Katherine L. Adams, Timothy D. Cook, Luca Maestri,
Deirdre O’Brien and Jeffrey Williams had equity trading plans in place in accordance with Rule 10b5-1(c)(1) under the Exchange
Act. An equity trading plan is a written document that preestablishes the amounts, prices and dates (or formula for determining
the amounts, prices and dates) of future purchases or sales of the Company’s stock, including shares acquired under the
Company’s employee and director equity plans. Apple Inc. | 2021 Form 10-K | 46Employee Stock Purchase Plan
The Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the “Purchase Plan”) is a shareholder-approved plan under which substantially all
