evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matter
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was
communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the financial statements and (2)  involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole,
and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on
the account or disclosure to which it relates.
Uncertain Tax Positions
Description of the Matter As discussed in Note 5 to the financial statements, Apple Inc. is subject to taxation and files
income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and many state and foreign jurisdictions.
As of September 25, 2021, the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $15.5
billion, of which $6.6 billion, if recognized, would impact Apple Inc.’s effective tax rate. Apple
Inc. uses significant judgment in the calculation of tax liabilities in estimating the impact of
uncertainties in the application of technical merits and complex tax laws.
Auditing management’s evaluation of whether an uncertain tax position is more likely than
not to be sustained and the measurement of the benefit of various tax positions can be
complex, involves significant judgment, and is based on interpretations of tax laws and legal
rulings.
Apple Inc. | 2021 Form 10-K | 52How We Addressed the
Matter in Our Audit
We tested controls relating to the evaluation of uncertain tax positions, including controls
over management’s assessment as to whether tax positions are more likely than not to be
sustained, management’s process to measure the benefit of its tax positions, and the
development of the related disclosures.
To evaluate Apple Inc.’s assessment of which tax positions are more likely than not to be
sustained, our audit procedures included, among others, reading and evaluating
management’s assumptions and analysis, and, as applicable, Apple Inc.’s communications
with taxing authorities, that detailed the basis and technical merits of the uncertain tax
positions. We involved our tax subject matter resources in assessing the technical merits of
certain of Apple Inc.’s tax positions based on our knowledge of relevant tax laws and
experience with related taxing authorities. For certain tax positions, we also received
external legal counsel confirmation letters and discussed the matters with external advisors
and Apple Inc. tax personnel. In addition, we evaluated Apple Inc.’s disclosure in relation to
these matters included in Note 5 to the financial statements.
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
We have served as Apple Inc.’s auditor since 2009.
San Jose, California
October 28, 2021
Apple Inc. | 2021 Form 10-K | 53Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Apple Inc. Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
We have audited Apple Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 25, 2021, based on criteria established in
