in this area, and additional jurisdictions are considering imposing additional restrictions or have laws that are pending. These
laws continue to develop and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Complying with emerging and changing
requirements causes the Company to incur substantial costs and has required and may in the future require the Company to
change its business practices. Noncompliance could result in significant penalties or legal liability.
The Company makes statements about its use and disclosure of personal information through its privacy policy, information
provided on its website, press statements and other privacy notices provided to customers. Any failure by the Company to
comply with these public statements or with other federal, state or international privacy or data protection laws and regulations
could result in inquiries or proceedings against the Company by governmental entities or others. In addition to reputational
impacts, penalties could include ongoing audit requirements and significant legal liability.
In addition to the risks generally relating to the collection, use, retention, security and transfer of personal information, the
Company is also subject to specific obligations relating to information considered sensitive under applicable laws, such as health
data, financial data and biometric data. Health data is subject to additional privacy, security and breach notification requirements,
and the Company is subject to audit by governmental authorities regarding the Company’s compliance with these obligations. If
the Company fails to adequately comply with these rules and requirements, or if health data is handled in a manner not permitted
by law or under the Company’s agreements with healthcare institutions, the Company can be subject to litigation or government
investigations, and can be liable for associated investigatory expenses, and can also incur significant fees or fines.
Financial data, such as payment card data, is also subject to additional requirements. Under payment card rules and obligations,
if cardholder information is potentially compromised, the Company can be liable for associated investigatory expenses and can
also incur significant fees or fines if the Company fails to follow payment card industry data security standards. The Company
could also experience a significant increase in payment card transaction costs or lose the ability to process payment cards if it
fails to follow payment card industry data security standards, which would materially adversely affect the Company’s business,
reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
Financial Risks
The Company expects its quarterly net sales and results of operations to fluctuate.
The Company’s profit margins vary across its products, services, geographic segments and distribution channels. For example,
the gross margins on the Company’s products and services vary significantly and can change over time. The Company’s gross
margins are subject to volatility and downward pressure due to a variety of factors, including: continued industry-wide global
product pricing pressures and product pricing actions that the Company may take in response to such pressures; increased
competition; the Company’s ability to effectively stimulate demand for certain of its products and services; compressed product life cycles; potential increases in the cost of components, outside manufacturing services, and developing, acquiring and
delivering content for the Company’s services; the Company’s ability to manage product quality and warranty costs effectively;
shifts in the mix of products and services, or in the geographic, currency or channel mix, including to the extent that regulatory
