Indenture that cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the holder of each Note of that series. Upon any
such waiver, such default will cease to exist, and any event of default arising therefrom will be deemed to have been
cured, for every purpose of the Indenture; however, no such waiver will extend to any subsequent or other default or
event of default or impair any rights consequent thereon.
Discharge, Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance
We may discharge certain obligations to holders of the Notes of a series that have not already been
delivered to the trustee for cancellation and that either have become due and payable or will become due and
payable within one year (or scheduled for redemption within one year) by depositing with the trustee, in trust, funds in
U.S. dollars in an amount sufficient to pay the entire indebtedness including, but not limited to, the principal and
premium, if any, and interest to the date of such deposit (if due and payable) or to the maturity thereof or the
redemption date of the Notes of that series, as the case may be. We may direct the trustee to invest such funds in
U.S. Treasury securities with a maturity of one year or less or in a money market fund that invests solely in short-term
U.S. Treasury securities.
The Indentures provide that we may elect either (1) to defease and be discharged from any and all
obligations with respect to the Notes of a series (except for, among other things, obligations to register the transfer or
exchange of the Notes, to replace temporary or mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes, to maintain an office or
agency with respect to the Notes and to hold moneys for payment in trust) (“legal defeasance”) or (2) to be released
from our obligations to comply with the restrictive covenants under the applicable Indenture, and any omission to
comply with such obligations will not constitute a default or an event of default with respect to the Notes of a series
and clauses (3) and (6) under the caption “Events of Default” above will no longer be applied (“covenant
defeasance”). Legal defeasance or covenant defeasance, as the case may be, will be conditioned upon, among other
things, the irrevocable deposit by us with the trustee, in trust, of an amount in U.S. dollars, or U.S. government
obligations (as such term is modified below), or both, applicable to the Notes of that series which through the
scheduled payment of principal and interest in accordance with their terms will provide money in an amount sufficient
to pay the principal or premium, if any, and interest on the Notes on the scheduled due dates therefor.
If we effect covenant defeasance with respect to the Notes of any series, the amount in U.S. dollars, or U.S.
government obligations (as such term is modified below), or both, on deposit with the trustee will be sufficient, in the
opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent accountants, to pay amounts due on the Notes of that series at
the time of the stated maturity but may not be sufficient to pay amounts due on the Notes of that series at the time of
the acceleration resulting from such event of default. However, we would remain liable to make payment of such
amounts due at the time of acceleration.
With respect to the 2022 Notes, the 2024 Notes, the 0.000% 2025 Notes, the 0.875% 2025 Notes, the 2026
Notes, the 2027 Notes, the 1.375% 2029 Notes and the 2031 Notes, the term “U.S. government obligations” shall instead mean (x) any security that is (i) a direct obligation of the German government or (ii) an obligation of a person
controlled or supervised by and acting as an agency or instrumentality of the German government the payment of
