company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or
disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
San Jose, California
October 28, 2021
Apple Inc. | 2021 Form 10-K | 54Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Based on an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of the Company’s management, the Company’s principal
executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act were effective as of September 25, 2021 to provide reasonable
assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is
(i)  recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms and
(ii)  accumulated and communicated to the Company’s management, including its principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Inherent Limitations over Internal Controls
The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles (“GAAP”). The Company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that: 
(i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the Company’s assets;
(ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with GAAP, and that the Company’s receipts and expenditures are being made only in
accordance with authorizations of the Company’s management and directors; and
(iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or
disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Management, including the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that the Company’s
internal controls will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can
provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a
control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative
to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of internal controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Also, any evaluation of the effectiveness of
controls in future periods are subject to the risk that those internal controls may become inadequate because of changes in
