assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Also, any evaluation of the effectiveness of
controls in future periods are subject to the risk that those internal controls may become inadequate because of changes in
business conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the
Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control – Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on the Company’s
assessment, management has concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 25, 2021
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in
accordance with GAAP. The Company’s independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst & Young LLP, has issued an audit
report on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting, which appears in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There were no changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2021, which were
identified in connection with management’s evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the
Exchange Act, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over
financial reporting.
Apple Inc. | 2021 Form 10-K | 55Item 9B. Other Information
Disclosure Pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act
Under Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act, the Company is required to disclose in its periodic reports if it or any of its affiliates
knowingly conducted a transaction or dealing with entities or individuals designated pursuant to certain Executive Orders.
On March 2, 2021, the U.S. Secretary of State designated the Russian Federal Security Service (the “FSB”) as a blocked party
under Executive Order 13382. On the same day, the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control updated
General License No. 1B to authorize transactions and activities with the FSB that are necessary and ordinarily incident to
requesting, receiving, utilizing, paying for, or dealing in certain licenses, permits, certifications or notifications issued or registered
by the FSB for the importation, distribution or use of certain information technology products in the Russian Federation.
As previously disclosed in the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three-month period ended June 26, 2021,
during such period, the Company filed legally required administrative notifications with the FSB in connection with the importation
of the Company’s products into the Russian Federation, as permitted by General License No. 1B. The Company did not make
any payments, nor did it receive gross revenues or net profits, in connection with such engagement. The Company may in the
future engage with the FSB for activities necessary to conduct business in the Russian Federation, in accordance with applicable U.S. laws and regulations.
Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
Not applicable.
PART III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
