results.
Apple Inc. | 2021 Form 10-K | 25Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
Interest Rate and Foreign Currency Risk Management
The Company regularly reviews its foreign exchange forward and option positions and interest rate swaps, both on a stand-alone
basis and in conjunction with its underlying foreign currency and interest rate exposures. Given the effective horizons of the
Company’s risk management activities and the anticipatory nature of the exposures, there can be no assurance these positions
will offset more than a portion of the financial impact resulting from movements in either foreign exchange or interest rates.
Further, the recognition of the gains and losses related to these instruments may not coincide with the timing of gains and losses
related to the underlying economic exposures and, therefore, may adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and
operating results.
Interest Rate Risk
The Company’s exposure to changes in interest rates relates primarily to the Company’s investment portfolio and outstanding
debt. While the Company is exposed to global interest rate fluctuations, the Company’s interest income and expense are most
sensitive to fluctuations in U.S. interest rates. Changes in U.S. interest rates affect the interest earned on the Company’s cash,
cash equivalents and marketable securities and the fair value of those securities, as well as costs associated with hedging and
interest paid on the Company’s debt.
The Company’s investment policy and strategy are focused on the preservation of capital and supporting the Company’s liquidity
requirements. The Company uses a combination of internal and external management to execute its investment strategy and
achieve its investment objectives. The Company typically invests in highly rated securities, with the primary objective of
minimizing the potential risk of principal loss. The Company’s investment policy generally requires securities to be investment
grade and limits the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. To provide a meaningful assessment of the interest rate risk
associated with the Company’s investment portfolio, the Company performed a sensitivity analysis to determine the impact a
change in interest rates would have on the value of the investment portfolio assuming a 100 basis point parallel shift in the yield
curve. Based on investment positions as of September 25, 2021 and September 26, 2020, a hypothetical 100 basis point
increase in interest rates across all maturities would result in a $4.1 billion and $3.1 billion incremental decline in the fair market
value of the portfolio, respectively. Such losses would only be realized if the Company sold the investments prior to maturity.
As of September 25, 2021 and September 26, 2020, the Company had outstanding floating- and fixed-rate notes with varying
maturities for an aggregate carrying amount of $118.7 billion and $107.4 billion, respectively. The Company has entered, and in
the future may enter, into interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk on its outstanding term debt. Interest rate swaps allow
the Company to effectively convert fixed-rate payments into floating-rate payments or floating-rate payments into fixed-rate
payments. Gains and losses on term debt are generally offset by the corresponding losses and gains on the related hedging instrument. A 100 basis point increase in market interest rates would cause interest expense on the Company’s debt as of
September 25, 2021 and September 26, 2020 to increase by $186 million and $218 million on an annualized basis, respectively.
Foreign Currency Risk
In general, the Company is a net receiver of currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Accordingly, changes in exchange rates, and
