life cycles; potential increases in the cost of components, outside manufacturing services, and developing, acquiring and
delivering content for the Company’s services; the Company’s ability to manage product quality and warranty costs effectively;
shifts in the mix of products and services, or in the geographic, currency or channel mix, including to the extent that regulatory
changes require the Company to modify its product and service offerings; fluctuations in foreign exchange rates; and the
introduction of new products or services, including new products or services with higher cost structures. These and other factors
could have a materially adverse impact on the Company’s results of operations and financial condition.
The Company has historically experienced higher net sales in its first quarter compared to other quarters in its fiscal year due in
part to seasonal holiday demand. Additionally, new product and service introductions can significantly impact net sales, cost of
sales and operating expenses. Further, the Company generates a significant portion of its net sales from a single product and a
decline in demand for that product could significantly impact quarterly net sales. The Company could also be subject to
unexpected developments, such as lower-than-anticipated demand for the Company’s products or services, issues with new
product or service introductions, information technology system failures or network disruptions, or failure of one of the
Company’s logistics, components supply, or manufacturing partners.
The Company’s financial performance is subject to risks associated with changes in the value of the U.S. dollar relative
to local currencies.
The Company’s primary exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates relates to non–U.S. dollar–denominated
sales, cost of sales and operating expenses worldwide. Gross margins on the Company’s products in foreign countries and on
products that include components obtained from foreign suppliers could be materially adversely affected by foreign currency
exchange rate fluctuations.
Apple Inc. | 2021 Form 10-K | 15The weakening of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar adversely affects the U.S. dollar value of the Company’s foreign
currency–denominated sales and earnings, and generally leads the Company to raise international pricing, potentially reducing
demand for the Company’s products. In some circumstances, for competitive or other reasons, the Company may decide not to
raise international pricing to offset the U.S. dollar’s strengthening, which would adversely affect the U.S. dollar value of the gross
margins the Company earns on foreign currency–denominated sales.
Conversely, a strengthening of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, while generally beneficial to the Company’s foreign
currency–denominated sales and earnings, could cause the Company to reduce international pricing and incur losses on its
foreign currency derivative instruments, thereby limiting the benefit. Additionally, strengthening of foreign currencies may
increase the Company’s cost of product components denominated in those currencies, thus adversely affecting gross margins.
The Company uses derivative instruments, such as foreign currency forward and option contracts, to hedge certain exposures to
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The use of such hedging activities may not be effective to offset any, or more than a portion, of the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates over the limited time the
hedges are in place.
The Company is exposed to credit risk and fluctuations in the values of its investment portfolio.
