The Company offers complex hardware and software products and services that can be affected by design and manufacturing
defects. Sophisticated operating system software and applications, such as those offered by the Company, often have issues
that can unexpectedly interfere with the intended operation of hardware or software products. Defects can also exist in
components and products the Company purchases from third parties. Component defects could make the Company’s products
unsafe and create a risk of environmental or property damage and personal injury. These risks may increase as the Company’s
products are introduced into specialized applications, including healthcare. In addition, the Company’s service offerings can have
quality issues and from time to time experience outages, service slowdowns or errors. As a result, the Company’s services from
time to time have not performed as anticipated and may not meet customer expectations. There can be no assurance the
Company will be able to detect and fix all issues and defects in the hardware, software and services it offers. Failure to do so can
result in widespread technical and performance issues affecting the Company’s products and services. In addition, the Company
can be exposed to product liability claims, recalls, product replacements or modifications, write-offs of inventory, property, plant
and equipment, and/or intangible assets, and significant warranty and other expenses, including litigation costs and regulatory
fines. Quality problems can also adversely affect the experience for users of the Company’s products and services, and result in
harm to the Company’s reputation, loss of competitive advantage, poor market acceptance, reduced demand for products and
services, delay in new product and service introductions and lost sales.
The Company is exposed to the risk of write-downs on the value of its inventory and other assets, in addition to purchase
commitment cancellation risk.
The Company records a write-down for product and component inventories that have become obsolete or exceed anticipated
demand, or for which cost exceeds net realizable value. The Company also accrues necessary cancellation fee reserves for
orders of excess products and components. The Company reviews long-lived assets, including capital assets held at its
suppliers’ facilities and inventory prepayments, for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate the assets may not be
recoverable. If the Company determines that an impairment has occurred, it records a write-down equal to the amount by which
the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value. Although the Company believes its inventory, capital assets, inventory
prepayments and other assets and purchase commitments are currently recoverable, there can be no assurance the Company
will not incur write-downs, fees, impairments and other charges given the rapid and unpredictable pace of product obsolescence
in the industries in which the Company competes.
The Company orders components for its products and builds inventory in advance of product announcements and shipments.
Manufacturing purchase obligations cover the Company’s forecasted component and manufacturing requirements, typically for
periods up to 150 days. Because the Company’s markets are volatile, competitive and subject to rapid technology and price
changes, there is a risk the Company will forecast incorrectly and order or produce excess or insufficient amounts of components or products, or not fully utilize firm purchase commitments.
The Company relies on access to third-party intellectual property, which may not be available to the Company on
commercially reasonable terms or at all.
