material loss, or a material loss greater than a recorded accrual, concerning loss contingencies for asserted legal and other
claims.
Apple Inc. | 2021 Form 10-K | 13The outcome of litigation or government investigations is inherently uncertain. If one or more legal matters were resolved against
the Company or an indemnified third party in a reporting period for amounts above management’s expectations, the Company’s
results of operations and financial condition for that reporting period could be materially adversely affected. Further, such an
outcome can result in significant compensatory, punitive or trebled monetary damages, disgorgement of revenue or profits,
remedial corporate measures or injunctive relief against the Company, and can require the Company to change its business
practices and limit the Company’s ability to offer certain products and services, all of which could materially adversely affect the
Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition.
While the Company maintains insurance coverage for certain types of claims, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to
cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise.
The Company is subject to complex and changing laws and regulations worldwide, which exposes the Company to
potential liabilities, increased costs and other adverse effects on the Company’s business.
The Company’s global operations are subject to complex and changing laws and regulations on subjects, including antitrust;
privacy, data security and data localization; consumer protection; advertising, sales, billing and e-commerce; product liability;
intellectual property ownership and infringement; digital platforms; Internet, telecommunications, and mobile communications;
media, television, film and digital content; availability of third-party software applications and services; labor and employment;
anticorruption; import, export and trade; foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions; anti–money laundering;
foreign ownership and investment; tax; and environmental, health and safety, including electronic waste, recycling, and climate
change.
Compliance with these laws and regulations is onerous and expensive, increasing the cost of conducting the Company’s global
operations. Changes to laws and regulations can adversely affect the Company’s business by increasing the Company’s costs,
limiting the Company’s ability to offer a product or service to customers, requiring changes to the Company’s supply chain and
business practices or otherwise making the Company’s products and services less attractive to customers. The Company has
implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but there can be no
assurance the Company’s employees, contractors or agents will not violate such laws and regulations or the Company’s policies
and procedures. If the Company is found to have violated laws and regulations, it could materially adversely affect the
Company’s business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. Regulatory changes and other actions that
materially adversely affect the Company’s business may be announced with little or no advance notice and the Company may
not be able to effectively mitigate all adverse impacts from such measures.
The technology industry, including, in some instances, the Company, is subject to intense media, political and regulatory scrutiny, which exposes the Company to increasing regulation, government investigations, legal actions and penalties.
From time to time, the Company has made changes to its App Store, including actions taken in response to competition, market
