timely manner, and also specify requirements as to the form and content of a shareholder’s notice;
• provide that a shareholder, or group of up to 20 shareholders, that has owned continuously for at least
three years shares of Common Stock representing an aggregate of at least 3% of the Company’s
outstanding shares of Common Stock, may nominate and include in the Company’s proxy materials
director nominees constituting up to 20% of the Company’s Board of Directors, provided that the
shareholder(s) and nominee(s) satisfy the requirements in the Bylaws;
• do not provide for cumulative voting rights for the election of directors; and
• provide that special meetings of the shareholders may only be called by two or more members of the
Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or by one or
more holders of shares entitled to cast not less than ten percent (10%) of the votes on the record date
established pursuant to the Company’s Bylaws.
In addition, as a California corporation, the Company is subject to the provisions of Section 1203 of the
California General Corporation Law, which requires it to provide a fairness opinion to its shareholders in connection
with their consideration of any proposed “interested party” reorganization transaction.
Listing
The Company’s Common Stock is listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the trading symbol
“AAPL.”
2DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES
The following description of the Notes is a summary and does not purport to be complete. This description is
qualified in its entirety by reference, as applicable, to the Indenture, dated as of April 29, 2013, between Apple Inc.
and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the “2013 Indenture”) and the Indenture, dated
as of November 5, 2018, between Apple Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the
“2018 Indenture,” and together with the 2013 Indenture, the “Indentures”). References in this section to the
“Company,” “us,” “we” and “our” are solely to Apple Inc. and not to any of its subsidiaries, unless the context requires
otherwise.
The Notes
Each of the Notes were issued under the applicable Indenture, which provides that debt securities may be
issued under such Indenture from time to time in one or more series. The Indentures and the Notes are governed by,
and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. The Indentures do not limit the amount of debt
securities that we may issue thereunder. We may, without the consent of the holders of the debt securities of any
series, issue additional debt securities ranking equally with, and otherwise similar in all respects to, the debt securities
of the series (except for the date of issuance, the date interest begins to accrue and, in certain circumstances, the
first interest payment date) so that those additional debt securities will be consolidated and form a single series with
the debt securities of the series previously offered and sold; provided, however, that any additional debt securities will
have a separate ISIN number unless certain conditions are met.
The 2022 Notes
We issued €1,400,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes on November 10, 2014. The
maturity date of the 2022 Notes is November 10, 2022, and interest at a rate of 1.000% per annum is paid annually on November 10 of each year, beginning on November 10, 2015, and on the maturity date. As of October 15, 2021,
€1,400,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes was outstanding.
The 2024 Notes
