register, additional patents, trademarks and copyrights. In contrast, many of the Company’s competitors seek to compete
primarily through aggressive pricing and very low cost structures, and by imitating the Company’s products and infringing on
its  intellectual property. Effective intellectual property protection is not consistently available in every country in which the
Company operates. If the Company is unable to continue to develop and sell innovative new products with attractive margins or if
competitors infringe on the Company’s intellectual property, the Company’s ability to maintain a competitive advantage could be
adversely affected.
The Company has a minority market share in the global smartphone, personal computer and tablet markets. The Company faces
substantial competition in these markets from companies that have significant technical, marketing, distribution and other
resources, as well as established hardware, software and digital content supplier relationships. In addition, some of the
Company’s competitors have broader product lines, lower-priced products and a larger installed base of active devices.
Competition has been particularly intense as competitors have aggressively cut prices and lowered product margins. Certain
competitors have the resources, experience or cost structures to provide products at little or no profit or even at a loss. Some of
the markets in which the Company competes have from time to time experienced little to no growth or contracted overall.
Additionally, the Company faces significant competition as competitors imitate the Company’s product features and applications
within their products or collaborate to offer solutions that are more competitive than those they currently offer. The Company also
expects competition to intensify as competitors imitate the Company’s approach to providing components seamlessly within their
offerings or work collaboratively to offer integrated solutions.
The Company’s services also face substantial competition, including from companies that have significant resources and
experience and have established service offerings with large customer bases. The Company competes with business models
that provide content to users for free. The Company also competes with illegitimate means to obtain third-party digital content
and applications.
The Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition depend substantially on the Company’s ability to
continually improve its products and services to maintain their functional and design advantages. There can be no assurance the
Company will be able to continue to provide products and services that compete effectively.
Business Risks
To remain competitive and stimulate customer demand, the Company must successfully manage frequent introductions
and transitions of products and services.
Due to the highly volatile and competitive nature of the industries in which the Company competes, the Company must
continually introduce new products, services and technologies, enhance existing products and services, effectively stimulate
customer demand for new and upgraded products and services, and successfully manage the transition to these new and
upgraded products and services. The success of new product and service introductions depends on a number of factors,
including timely and successful development, market acceptance, the Company’s ability to manage the risks associated with production ramp-up issues, the availability of application software for the Company’s products, the effective management of
purchase commitments and inventory levels in line with anticipated product demand, the availability of products in appropriate
quantities and at expected costs to meet anticipated demand, and the risk that new products and services may have quality or
