than a portion, of the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates over the limited time the
hedges are in place.
The Company is exposed to credit risk and fluctuations in the values of its investment portfolio.
The Company’s investments can be negatively affected by changes in liquidity, credit deterioration, financial results, market and
economic conditions, political risk, sovereign risk, interest rate fluctuations or other factors. As a result, the value and liquidity of
the Company’s cash, cash equivalents, and marketable and non-marketable securities may fluctuate substantially. Therefore,
although the Company has not realized any significant losses on its cash, cash equivalents, and marketable and non-marketable
securities, future fluctuations in their value could result in significant losses and could have a material adverse impact on the
Company’s results of operations and financial condition.
The Company is exposed to credit risk on its trade accounts receivable, vendor non-trade receivables and prepayments
related to long-term supply agreements, and this risk is heightened during periods when economic conditions worsen.
The Company distributes its products through third-party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retailers and resellers. The
Company also sells its products directly to small and mid-sized businesses and education, enterprise and government
customers. A substantial majority of the Company’s outstanding trade receivables are not covered by collateral, third-party bank
support or financing arrangements, or credit insurance, and a significant portion of the Company’s trade receivables can be
concentrated within cellular network carriers or other resellers. The Company’s exposure to credit and collectibility risk on its
trade receivables is higher in certain international markets and its ability to mitigate such risks may be limited. The Company also
has unsecured vendor non-trade receivables resulting from purchases of components by outsourcing partners and other vendors
that manufacture subassemblies or assemble final products for the Company. In addition, the Company has made prepayments
associated with long-term supply agreements to secure supply of inventory components. As of September  25, 2021, the
Company’s vendor non-trade receivables and prepayments related to long-term supply agreements were concentrated among a
few individual vendors located primarily in Asia. While the Company has procedures to monitor and limit exposure to credit risk
on its trade and vendor non-trade receivables, as well as long-term prepayments, there can be no assurance such procedures
will effectively limit its credit risk and avoid losses.
The Company is subject to changes in tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or international tax legislation and exposure to
additional tax liabilities.
The Company is subject to taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions, including Ireland, where a number of the
Company’s subsidiaries are organized. Due to economic and political conditions, tax laws and tax rates for income taxes and
other non-income taxes in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change. The Company’s effective tax rates are
affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, the introduction of new taxes, or changes in tax laws or their interpretation, including in the U.S. and
Ireland.
The Company is also subject to the examination of its tax returns and other tax matters by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service
and other tax authorities and governmental bodies. The Company regularly assesses the likelihood of an adverse outcome
