production ramp-up issues, the availability of application software for the Company’s products, the effective management of
purchase commitments and inventory levels in line with anticipated product demand, the availability of products in appropriate
quantities and at expected costs to meet anticipated demand, and the risk that new products and services may have quality or
other defects or deficiencies. There can be no assurance the Company will successfully manage future introductions and
transitions of products and services.
Apple Inc. | 2021 Form 10-K | 8The Company depends on component and product manufacturing and logistical services provided by outsourcing
partners, many of which are located outside of the U.S.
Substantially all of the Company’s manufacturing is performed in whole or in part by outsourcing partners located primarily in
Asia. A significant concentration of this manufacturing is currently performed by a small number of outsourcing partners, often in
single locations. The Company has also outsourced much of its transportation and logistics management. While these
arrangements can lower operating costs, they also reduce the Company’s direct control over production and distribution. Such
diminished control has from time to time and may in the future have an adverse effect on the quality or quantity of products
manufactured or services provided, or adversely affect the Company’s flexibility to respond to changing conditions. Although
arrangements with these partners may contain provisions for product defect expense reimbursement, the Company generally
remains responsible to the consumer for warranty and out-of-warranty service in the event of product defects and experiences an
unanticipated product defect liability from time to time. While the Company relies on its partners to adhere to its supplier code of
conduct, violations of the supplier code of conduct occur from time to time and can materially adversely affect the Company’s
business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
The Company relies on single-source outsourcing partners in the U.S., Asia and Europe to supply and manufacture many
components, and on outsourcing partners primarily located in Asia, for final assembly of substantially all of the Company’s
hardware products. Any failure of these partners to perform can have a negative impact on the Company’s cost or supply of
components or finished goods. In addition, manufacturing or logistics in these locations or transit to final destinations can be
disrupted for a variety of reasons, including natural and man-made disasters, information technology system failures, commercial
disputes, military actions, economic, business, labor, environmental, public health or political issues, or international trade
disputes.
The Company has invested in manufacturing process equipment, much of which is held at certain of its outsourcing partners,
and has made prepayments to certain of its suppliers associated with long-term supply agreements. While these arrangements
help ensure the supply of components and finished goods, if these outsourcing partners or suppliers experience severe financial
problems or other disruptions in their business, such continued supply can be reduced or terminated, and the recoverability of
manufacturing process equipment or prepayments can be negatively impacted. Future operating results depend upon the Company’s ability to obtain components in sufficient quantities on
commercially reasonable terms.
Because the Company currently obtains certain components from single or limited sources, the Company is subject to significant
supply and pricing risks. Many components, including those that are available from multiple sources, are at times subject to
