Saturday or Sunday, (1) which is not a day on which banking institutions in The City of New York or London are
authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close and (2) on which the Trans-European Automated
Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer system (the TARGET2 system), or any successor thereto, is open.
All payments of principal of, the redemption price (if any), and interest and additional amounts (if any) on the
3.050% 2029 Notes and the 2042 Notes are payable in pounds sterling, or, if the United Kingdom adopts euro as its
lawful currency, in euro. If pounds sterling or, in the event the Notes are redenominated into euro, euro is unavailable
to the Company due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond the Company’s control or,
in the event the notes are redenominated into euro, the euro is no longer being used by the then member states of
the European Monetary Union that have adopted the euro as their currency or for the settlement of transactions by
public institutions of or within the international banking community, then all payments in respect of the 3.050% 2029
Notes and the 2042 Notes will be made in U.S. dollars until the pound sterling or euro, as the case may be, is again
available to the Company or so used. The amount payable on any date in pounds sterling or, in the event such Notes
are redenominated into euro, euro will be converted into U.S. dollars at the rate mandated by the U.S. Federal
Reserve Board as of the close of business on the second Business Day prior to the relevant payment date or, in the
event the U.S. Federal Reserve Board has not mandated a rate of conversion, on the basis of the most recent U.S.
dollar/pounds sterling or, in the event the Notes are redenominated into euro, the most recent U.S. dollar/euro
exchange rate published in The Wall Street Journal on or prior to the second Business Day prior to the relevant
payment date. Any payment in respect of the 3.050% 2029 Notes and the 2042 Notes so made in U.S. dollars will not
constitute an event of default under such Notes or the 2013 Indenture.
With respect to the 3.050% 2029 Notes and the 2042 Notes, “Business Day” means any day which is not a
day on which banking institutions in The City of New York or London or the relevant place of payment are authorized
or required by law, regulation or executive order to close.
Payment of Additional Amounts
The terms of the Notes state that all payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be made
free and clear of, and without deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties,
assessments or other governmental charges of whatsoever nature required to be deducted or withheld by the United
States or any political subdivision or taxing authority of or in the United States, unless such withholding or deduction
is required by law.
All of the Notes also contain a covenant substantially similar to the following:
The Company will, subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth below, pay as additional interest on the
Notes such additional amounts (“Additional Amounts”) as are necessary in order that the net payment by the
Company or the paying agent of the Company for the applicable Notes (“Paying Agent”) of the principal of and
interest on the Notes to a holder who is not a United States person (as defined below), after withholding or deduction for any present or future tax, assessment or other governmental charge (“Tax”) imposed by the United States or a
taxing authority in the United States, will not be less than the amount provided in the Notes to be then due and
